[TM] Chp8 - Add more numbered instructions (#3470)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: source/docs/training_manual/rasters/terrain_analysis.rst

look better. The key to this is setting the hillshade to being mostly
transparent.

#. Change the symbology of the original :guilabel:`srtm_41_19` layer to use the
   :guilabel:`Pseudocolor` scheme as in the previous exercise
#. Hide all the layers except the :guilabel:`srtm_41_19` and :guilabel:`hillshade`
   layers
#. Click and drag the :guilabel:`srtm_41_19` to be beneath the :guilabel:`hillshade`

>    layer in the :guilabel:`Layer Styling` panel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   layer in the :guilabel:`Layers` panel
```

Reviewer: Please check.

To do this, you need to use the :menuselection:`Slope` algorithm of the
:menuselection:`Processing --> Raster terrain analysis`.

#. Open the algorithm
#. Choose :guilabel:`srtm_41_19` as the :guilabel:`Elevation layer`

> #. Save the output as a file with the name ``slope`` in the same folder of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Save the output as a file with the name ``slope`` in the same folder as the
```

QGIS has different raster calculators available:

> #. :menuselection:`Raster --> Raster Calculator`

Reviewer: Should this be a numbered list?

Author: no strong opinion

Reviewer: If we do not want to rank the options, I think it would be better to just use a bullet list here.

Author: ```suggestion
* :menuselection:`Raster --> Raster Calculator`
```

> #. :menuselection:`Processing --> Raster Analysis --> Raster calculator`

Author: ```suggestion
* :menuselection:`Processing --> Raster Analysis --> Raster calculator`
```

> #. :menuselection:`Processing --> GDAL --> Raster miscellaneous --> Raster calculator`

Author: ```suggestion
* :menuselection:`Processing --> GDAL --> Raster miscellaneous --> Raster calculator`
```

> #. :menuselection:`SAGA --> Raster calculus --> Raster calculator`

Author: ```suggestion
* :menuselection:`SAGA --> Raster calculus --> Raster calculator`
```

To calculate the areas that satisfy these criteria:

#. Open your :guilabel:`Raster calculator` again
#. Use the :guilabel:`Layer` panel, the :guilabel:`Operators` buttons, and
   your keyboard to build this expression in the :guilabel:`Expressions` text area::

>     ( aspect_north@1 = 1 AND slope_lte5@1 = 1 )  OR slope_lte2@1 = 1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ( aspect_north@1 = 1 AND slope_lte5@1 = 1 ) OR slope_lte2@1 = 1
```

> #. Set the :guilabel:`Reference layer(s)` parameter as the ``aspect_north`` (it does not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Let the :guilabel:`Reference layer(s)` parameter be ``aspect_north`` (it does not
```

Author: ```suggestion
#. Select ``aspect_north`` as :guilabel:`Reference layer(s)` parameter (it does not
```
?

Reviewer: Fine.

useful for our analysis, since they're too small to build anything on. Let's
get rid of all these tiny unusable areas.

#. Open the :guilabel:`Sieve` tool :menuselection:`Processing --> GDAL -->
   Raster Analysis`
#. Set the :guilabel:`Input file` to :guilabel:`all_conditions`, and the
   :guilabel:`Sieved` to :file:`all_conditions_sieve.tif` (under
   :file:`exercise_data/raster_analysis/`).

> #. Set both the :guilabel:`Threshold` to 8 and check :guilabel:`Use 8-connectedness`;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Set both the :guilabel:`Threshold` to 8 and check :guilabel:`Use 8-connectedness`
```

How can we query the raster layer to know the value of a single pixel? We can use
the |identify| button to extract this information.

#. Select the tool from the upper toolbar
#. Click on a random location of the :guilabel:`srtm_41_19` layer.
   The :guilabel:`Identify Results` will appear with the value of the band at
   the clicked location:

   .. image:: img/identify_raster.png
      :align: center

#. You can change the output of the :guilabel:`Identify Results` panel from the

>    current ``tree`` mode to a ``table`` one by selecting :guilabel:``Table`` in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   current ``tree`` mode to a ``table`` one by selecting :guilabel:`Table` in
```
